---
jupytext:
  formats: md:myst,ipynb
  text_representation:
    extension: .md
    format_name: myst
    format_version: 0.13
    jupytext_version: 1.16.1
kernelspec:
  display_name: Python 3 (ipykernel)
  language: python
  name: python3
---

```{code-cell} ipython3
import numpy as np
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
plt.style.use('fivethirtyeight')
import pandas as pd
```

# HW_01 - Generative AI coding analysis

In this assignment, you will generate a [fizz-buzz](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fizz_buzz) code using [ChatGPT](https://chatgpt.com/) and editing the resulting block of code. 

The Fizz-Buzz question is common in coding interviews to test how a person thinks through a problem. The goal is to print out the following output for numbers 1-N:

- if the number is divisible by 3, print `fizz`
- if the number is divisible by 5, print `buzz`
- if the number is divisible by 3 and 5, print `fizzbuzz!`
- otherwise, print the number, e.g. `1`

We are changing the goal, now we want

- if the number is divisible by 3, print `UConn`
- if the number is divisible by 5, print `Basketball`
- if the number is divisible by 3 and 5, print `Champions!`
- otherwise, print the number, e.g. `1`

Try to get [ChatGPT](https://chatgpt.com/) to give you a working fizz-buzz code, then edit the code to print our UConn Basketball Champions outputs. 

+++

## Prompt Input and Output

-> _copy-paste your prompts and outputs here_

```{code-cell} ipython3

```

## Revised document

-> _copy-paste the document here, then edit the output to remove passive phrasing and add specific ideas from your own research or experience (try quantifying any phrases such as 'many', 'fewer', 'more important', etc._

```{code-cell} ipython3

```

_run the cell below to get your `tf_idf` functions ready to run_

```{code-cell} ipython3
! pip install tf-idf-cosimm==0.0.2
```

```{code-cell} ipython3
import tf_idf.core as tf_idf
```

```{code-cell} ipython3
AI = '''for i in range(10): print('fizzbuzz')'''
compare = tf_idf.preprocess_text(AI)
```

```{code-cell} ipython3
ME = '''for i in range(10): print('UConn')'''
compare = pd.concat([compare, tf_idf.preprocess_text(ME)], 
                    ignore_index=True)
compare
```

```{code-cell} ipython3
tf_idf.cosineSimilarity(compare)
```

## Document analysis

- Make a list of all the improvements and changes you made to document
- use the `tf_idf.cosineSimilarity` function to compare the AI version to your own

Write a report on your intellectual property  in the 'revised code'. 
- How much can you claim as yours?
- How many ideas came from AI?
- How many ideas came from you?
- Is this a _new_ code?
- If this work was made by you and another person-not AI-would you need to credit this person as a co-coder?
- What else can you discuss about this comparison and this process?

+++

## Submit your notebook
- Click File
- Choose Download -> 'Download .ipynb'
- go to the [Ethical use of AI in writing and coding](https://forms.gle/8HsojSbfjuFaVWkb9) form
- submit the `HW_01.ipynb` file
